hey call themselves anonymous they are
hackers on steroids police say they have
arrested three suspected hackers
believed to be part of international
network group calling themselves
anonymous has vowed to destroy the
church of scientology nonnamous the
group responsible for Operation Payback
which temporarily crippled the websites
of MasterCard Visa and we are legion we
are anonymous distributed
denial-of-service devolved us tackle
that one dollar tax cut sheet without a
head gasket and shit they slap seen one
who lacks a sense of compassion and
justice murphy's with how Turner hurting
the pockets of white supremacist these
nemesis is never this vicious new
children their permissions evils your
position if I was gonna cuddle mission
with the most a dissing posturing and
speaking out of it super consciousness I
War II as a virtual Robert is we don't
forgive we don't forget expect us wasn't
no one to protect us come together as
Allegiant internet unite connectors we
will make our presence known we got
watching the megaphones SQL and Jeff
intravenously like this greatness over
Berlin on a larger scale with juist
hinder swetha will we have actually slid
over swinging the blizzards body Taylor
check the mail defacing
professional-looking webpage when I
rhyme I with the sequel's catatonic rest
a shuttle in the message encapsulated in
the flat track black boxes rather
chanology talking back house but about
back and I'm the type of person never
had a construction the prints for camp
or the way this out
the vigilante highness take enough to
aunty cross-site swift and Felicia
Pamela cuesta panties epilepsy
foundation for from invasion troops and
resilience Tunisians even Malaysians
Walker website we pulled up as to see
own talk about what's going on it talks
about the power people now have on the
internet if they want to do there simply
was baking there are heroes because I
can solve everything they are all over
secure this isn't rain event we rage and
give a fuck about a cousin Claude McKay
hatch profanity a spirit for the fucking
often cuz I can and who the hell was you
to try to change your man operation
playback radical Avengers and
intelligent Israelis with virus has no
missed out snack programming logic
controllers and hookah stops after we
need to know they're trying to feed the
homeless gotcha screaming no government
and corporate sources we must have been
a fool his freedom goes to trying to
sniff us out and get the Mayans please
refer send the cameras on computer
Spencer ayumi Marine Corps is bradley
manning nigga the chronicle maximum
security methods with torches chronicle
to aaron barr forever you can walk
around with slashes gonna crash a car
exactly that's the worshipping the
mornin starboard his bizarre the people
of the ones address
people when will the day come we've
recognized as a huge electronic money
from satoshi nakamoto spending bitcoins
on hoes funny photos with no kimonos
remarkable power the Python his livers
intact International Federation a photo
bin ja and the spirit kitties hack into
the mainframe of big cities youtube
videos for children showing big titties
no pity flirty depressive and get it
through the skulls we were going to
change the world of all the pastor hats
for long I guess which are fighting for
some kind of ideological